README.md, before:

Ctables, a table printing library written in C.

Options:

    0. STRICT - User adds dimensions, table handles the indexing
       FREELY - Data is added to table and user
                handles indexing
    1. Options - COLORFUL : make table sensitive to color and higlighting
    		 TRANSPARENT : make a table without any borders, color is turned on by this option as well
                 NOCOLOR  : 	Prints B/W table
    2. Alignment - CENTER, LEFT, RIGHT

    3. ENUMERATE - Display row/column numbers along table data. Pass NONE if
                   this is not desired...


EXAMPLE 1:

    int ops[MAX_OPS] = {STRICT, COLORFUL, RIGHT, ENUMERATE};

    /*Initialize table*/
    table_t *newer_table = initialize_table(ops, 7, 7);
    for(i = 0; i < 7; i++) {
       for(j = 0; j < 7; j++) {
          add(newer_table, "Sweet");
       }
    }

    /*Color each row differently*/
    color_row(newer_table, 0, RED);
    color_row(newer_table, 1, GREEN);
    color_row(newer_table, 2, YELLOW);
    color_row(newer_table, 3, BLUE);
    color_row(newer_table, 4, MAGNETA);
    color_row(newer_table, 5, CYAN);
    color_row(newer_table, 6, WHITE);

    /*Print our table*/
        print(newer_table);
            
            /*Free it*/
        free_table(newer_table);

        
results:
    https://www.dropbox.com/s/hk4qevq3jksa7vq/table_1.png?m

EXAMPLE 2:
Act freely, No colors, Center-alignment, No enumeration

        int ops_2[MAX_OPS] = {FREELY, NOCOLOR, CENTER, NONE};
        table_t *neu_tableu = initialize_table(ops_2, 5, 2);
	
    /*If we want indexing we have to use the add_freely function*/
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 0,0, "Hello");
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 1,0, "I am");
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 2,0, "a very");
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 3,0, "fine");
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 4,0, "table");
	
    /*Column width will be adjusted to string length*/
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 0,1, "This is a totally acceptable length");
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 1,1, "So is this");
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 2,1, "...");
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 3,1, "au");
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 4,1, "revoir");

            print(neu_tableu);

            free_table(neu_tableu);

results:
    https://www.dropbox.com/s/t2cpdxgsk48owjz/table_2.png?m


testTrans.c 

Testing Transparent table with dots:

results:
    https://www.dropbox.com/s/s1pgpq9kxxr8qwc/transparent.png

Future additions:
Enable more types (accepts only strings at the moment)

Table-export (enable export/import from/to text file)

Commit message:

Modified project makefile, library is created in lib/ Still working on makefile for tests/

README.md, after:

Ctables, a table printing library written in C.
===============================================

Building
--------

 * cd Ctables

 * make clean && make

The library will be created in the lib/ directory, and all the src/object files
will be in src/.


Options
-------

    0. STRICT - User adds dimensions, table handles the indexing
       FREELY - Data is added to table and user
                handles indexing
    1. Options - COLORFUL : make table sensitive to color and higlighting
    		 TRANSPARENT : make a table without any borders, color is turned on by this option as well
                 NOCOLOR  : 	Prints B/W table
    2. Alignment - CENTER, LEFT, RIGHT

    3. ENUMERATE - Display row/column numbers along table data. Pass NONE if
                   this is not desired...


EXAMPLE 1:

    int ops[MAX_OPS] = {STRICT, COLORFUL, RIGHT, ENUMERATE};

    /*Initialize table*/
    table_t *newer_table = initialize_table(ops, 7, 7);
    for(i = 0; i < 7; i++) {
       for(j = 0; j < 7; j++) {
          add(newer_table, "Sweet");
       }
    }

    /*Color each row differently*/
    color_row(newer_table, 0, RED);
    color_row(newer_table, 1, GREEN);
    color_row(newer_table, 2, YELLOW);
    color_row(newer_table, 3, BLUE);
    color_row(newer_table, 4, MAGNETA);
    color_row(newer_table, 5, CYAN);
    color_row(newer_table, 6, WHITE);

    /*Print our table*/
        print(newer_table);
            
            /*Free it*/
        free_table(newer_table);

        
results:
    https://www.dropbox.com/s/hk4qevq3jksa7vq/table_1.png?m

EXAMPLE 2:
Act freely, No colors, Center-alignment, No enumeration

        int ops_2[MAX_OPS] = {FREELY, NOCOLOR, CENTER, NONE};
        table_t *neu_tableu = initialize_table(ops_2, 5, 2);
	
    /*If we want indexing we have to use the add_freely function*/
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 0,0, "Hello");
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 1,0, "I am");
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 2,0, "a very");
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 3,0, "fine");
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 4,0, "table");
	
    /*Column width will be adjusted to string length*/
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 0,1, "This is a totally acceptable length");
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 1,1, "So is this");
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 2,1, "...");
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 3,1, "au");
        add_freely(neu_tableu, 4,1, "revoir");

            print(neu_tableu);

            free_table(neu_tableu);

results:
    https://www.dropbox.com/s/t2cpdxgsk48owjz/table_2.png?m


testTrans.c 

Testing Transparent table with dots:

results:
    https://www.dropbox.com/s/s1pgpq9kxxr8qwc/transparent.png

Future additions:
Enable more types (accepts only strings at the moment)

Table-export (enable export/import from/to text file)
